Esalaamu Alaykum. In this video, I'm going to tell you my experience performing umrah for the very first time three months after I reverted to Islam. Alhamdulillah, I was very blessed and I hope that you enjoy this story. So I reverted to Islam when I was 19 years old living in Pakistan. After living in Pakistan, I decided to go live in Saudi Arabia. Riyadh. It was an amazing experience. Maybe I'll make a video on that in the future. I lived in Riyadh for about two months and my friend said, hey, Canyon, I'm going to go perform umrah with my family. Would you like to join? Guess what I told him? I said, no, well, we're scaling the business. I think I should focus on the business. You know, our revenues up like I should really double down. So I told him I wasn't going to perform umrah. I just should stick to the business and he told me something that stuck with me forever. He said, Canyon, the business is always going to be there. There are always going to be things to fix in the business. You might not always have an opportunity to perform umrah. And I know you're a new Muslim Canyon, but what I'll tell you is you'll learn is you should never put anything above your Dean. So he convinced me and after a bit of convincing, I said, you know what? I'll do it. I'll go perform umrah. I agreed to it. Now I'm going to get some things wrong when I tell you this story. I don't know everything. I'm not perfect, but I hope you get the general concepts of what I'm saying. So we go to perform umrah. We leave, we head to the Saudi airport and we put on the, you know, when you get into a state of harem, haram, I think is what it's called, and you put on the white sheets and I'll tell you as a Westerner coming from America, this has to have been one of the weirdest experiences I have ever had going into an airport wearing absolutely nothing except two white sheets. And as weird as it felt as out of places I felt, I somehow felt the safest I've ever felt. I somehow felt completely protected. Like in the airport sitting there, I almost felt like there was a forest field around me protecting me. It was really amazing. Now we get in the airplane and as you know, if you go perform umrah, umrah doesn't start when you're at the Kaaba. Umrah starts when you start the pilgrimage to the Hoi land. So in the airplane, you're not meant to be messing around or playing on your phone or watching TV. It's focusing on the worship of Allah from the beginning. So I remember, you know, and you read, there's a couple things you read as you're traveling. I don't remember them immediately, but I was very blessed to perform umrah with my friend who is a Muslim, who's a great Muslim. So I kind of got to just experience it and he led me through everything. So I'm sitting in the airplane and we're doing these chants and you know, reading these duos and nothing else mattered. Like I felt at such utter peace in this moment. As I'm in this airplane, I'm heading to a place I've never been and around a bunch of people who aren't like me at all. And I felt like just, I just felt utter peace. So we land. We land now in Jeddah. Jeddah is where you land. I believe is where we landed and we, we catch a taxi and we're going now to Mecca. It was about an hour and a half long car ride from Jeddah to Mecca and the entire car ride, all that I'm thinking about in my head is a year and a half ago, I was sitting in the back of history class as an American in North Idaho, conservative country town. And now I'm in Mecca, which is the holy city, the place where millions of Muslims have performed a pilgrimage. And it was just, it's such a surreal feeling. Like how did I end up here? I kept thinking, I was like, how did I end up here? And not in like a, am I doing anything wrong? But as in like a, Allah truly is the greatest of all planners, the fact that I've gone from being in North Idaho to heading to Mecca. So we get to the hotel, we check in and we wake up bright and early to go perform Umrah. I'm getting, I'm getting emotional thinking about the experience. So we get on a bus to head there and we, the bus takes you to a bus station. And then from the bus station, you have about a 15 minute walk to get to the Kaaba. And during that walk, you're reciting a Dua. It's something on long lines like, Oh here, Oh Lord, here I come. Something like that. I don't remember exactly, but you're repeating that. And we're walking and you don't look up. The idea is you don't look at the Kaaba immediately. You keep your eyes down and you do the chant and you do the Dua. I don't know what would be the right word. And so we're going and I started seeing the marble floor and I'm walking on the marble floor. And then my friend goes, Canyon, look up, look up at the Kaaba.